c:\users\lukasz.bednarek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KoloryWPF\KoloryWPF.Widok\bin\Debug\KoloryWPF.Widok.exe.config
c:\users\lukasz.bednarek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KoloryWPF\KoloryWPF.Widok\bin\Debug\KoloryWPF.Widok.exe
c:\users\lukasz.bednarek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KoloryWPF\KoloryWPF.Widok\bin\Debug\KoloryWPF.Widok.pdb
c:\users\lukasz.bednarek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KoloryWPF\KoloryWPF.Widok\obj\Debug\KoloryWPF.Widok.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lukasz.bednarek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KoloryWPF\KoloryWPF.Widok\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\lukasz.bednarek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KoloryWPF\KoloryWPF.Widok\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\lukasz.bednarek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KoloryWPF\KoloryWPF.Widok\obj\Debug\KoloryWPF.Widok_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\lukasz.bednarek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KoloryWPF\KoloryWPF.Widok\obj\Debug\KoloryWPF.Widok_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\lukasz.bednarek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KoloryWPF\KoloryWPF.Widok\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\lukasz.bednarek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KoloryWPF\KoloryWPF.Widok\obj\Debug\KoloryWPF.Widok.g.resources
c:\users\lukasz.bednarek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KoloryWPF\KoloryWPF.Widok\obj\Debug\KoloryWPF.Widok.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\lukasz.bednarek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KoloryWPF\KoloryWPF.Widok\obj\Debug\KoloryWPF.Widok.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lukasz.bednarek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KoloryWPF\KoloryWPF.Widok\obj\Debug\KoloryWPF.Widok.exe
c:\users\lukasz.bednarek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KoloryWPF\KoloryWPF.Widok\obj\Debug\KoloryWPF.Widok.pdb
c:\users\lukasz.bednarek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KoloryWPF\KoloryWPF.Widok\bin\Debug\KoloryWPF.ViewModel2.dll
c:\users\lukasz.bednarek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KoloryWPF\KoloryWPF.Widok\bin\Debug\KoloryWPF.Model.dll
c:\users\lukasz.bednarek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KoloryWPF\KoloryWPF.Widok\bin\Debug\KoloryWPF.ViewModel2.pdb
c:\users\lukasz.bednarek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KoloryWPF\KoloryWPF.Widok\bin\Debug\KoloryWPF.Model.pdb
c:\users\lukasz.bednarek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KoloryWPF\KoloryWPF.Widok\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
D:\Projects\UMK.NET2k16 Playground\WPF mvvm\KoloryWPF\KoloryWPF.Widok\bin\Debug\KoloryWPF.Widok.exe.config
D:\Projects\UMK.NET2k16 Playground\WPF mvvm\KoloryWPF\KoloryWPF.Widok\obj\Debug\KoloryWPF.Widok.exe
D:\Projects\UMK.NET2k16 Playground\WPF mvvm\KoloryWPF\KoloryWPF.Widok\obj\Debug\KoloryWPF.Widok.pdb
